looky here now just another quick
Poundland video for you now this could
possibly be one of the best things power
man has ever done in a while and well
just for some grounding and I'm a lover
of trading card games obviously we all
know about Magic the Gathering I've got
a pretty collection off and about a year
or so ago Ivan shelled out for some
chaotic cars and chaotic snow is a fun
game really was a bit of a waste but
I've seriously think this is best thing
polymers ever done and lasts a day I was
in Huddersfield because I go there every
fortnight to do a shop at Iceland and
I've just had a quick look around there
Poundland and spite these these metal
tins and those even see on there but
it's haunting which is a it was some
sort of cartoon show I never saw it but
then I saw these and I thought you stole
the bat actually there was
shrink-wrapped it won't until looked
underneath and they told us what you get
inside
you get well normally you would get four
booster packs putting this one I am
actually get five but one yellow three
blue red one normally we would get one
of these two of these and one of these
and you also got one of two oil super
rare cards and I managed to get one of
each the somewhere else exactly go get
them now too sure but I bought two of
these tins nice storage unit for decks
if I have a choice to make any but
that's that's not that's my wall
you also have these booster boxes now
normally when you buy the booster box
set off a website or anything like that
the normal cost you probably say minimum
30 pounds maybe 50 pounds maybe more a
pound each a pound each
nowhere else you're gonna get a bargain
my lap I've already opened all the
booster packs in these about three of
these and just now today I've been
bought some more about and this one's of
the almonds and Legacy's expansion about
two of these which is the legendary saga
expansion I've also bought two of these
which are the secrets and Seekers
expansion so I've got crap ton of these
cards then appeared like nine pounds of
a rocker so I've got three of these two
of these two of these and the two tins
and I've got a half a good collection
already maybe I could teach how to play
this game with you I did find some rules
online I have downloaded like a rule
book only thing is in some of the
booster packs you could get these like
password cards I'll cover up the
password just in case but I've got I've
got two of these password cards now I
can't go on the hunting website because
it's down so that I think it must have
gone down sometime back just takes you
to an Italian site so I don't know
whether these are still useful
so I'll say it again this is probably
the best thing parklands ever done for a
while I'm not sometimes to do someone
started X of games like at the moment
they've got they've got some dinosaur
King trading card game started X put to
actually sell booster boxes you get 24
boosters in one of these and you get
nine cards in each booster now how much
does a booster patent on the cost that's
like two pound 15 maybe even three
pounds nowadays but to get 24 for a
pound
Wow can't go wrong with that can you
so if there's a power plant in your area
and you want to play a brand new brand
news 2 years old now if you want to play
the trading card gating and get these
get as many of these as you can while
they've still got them otherwise you'll
just miss out won't you anyway